Clarify usage of svelte.config.js (#366)
sveltejs/svelte-preprocess: docs/usage.md

};
```

## With Svelte Config

> Useful for [svelte-vscode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode) which needs to know how its (svelte) language server should preprocess your files and [svelte-kit](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit) which can preprocess your svelte files prior to building.

Reviewer: For me a little introductionary text (like it was before) is missing now. Like, "what is a Svelte config?"

Author: the introductory text is below... isn't it?

> Useful for [svelte-vscode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode) which needs to know how its (svelte) language server should preprocess your files and [svelte-kit](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit) which can preprocess your svelte files prior to building.
> 
> This can be achieved by creating a `svelte.config.js` file at the root of your project which exports a svelte options object (similar to `svelte-loader` and `rollup-plugin-svelte`).

Reviewer 2: What do you think of the following? cc @dummdidumm 

```suggestion
Some tools of the Svelte ecosystem, such as [svelte-vscode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=svelte.svelte-vscode) and [svelte-kit](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit), need access to your svelte configuration so they know how to properly handle your Svelte files. This can be achieved by creating a `svelte.config.js` file at the root of your project which exports a svelte options object (similar to `svelte-loader` and `rollup-plugin-svelte`).
```

Also, do we have official documentation for the config file? I'm only finding references to the kit part of it.

Reviewer: Yeah that text sounds good. This is what I meant by "introductionary", sorry if I didn't express that clearly enough.

Reviewer 2: > we don't, but it's a bit out of scope for this specific PR.

Yeah, just wanted to know to link to it if it existed 👍

Author: So I guess is the formal definition:

https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/blob/master/packages/kit/src/core/load_config/options.js

It would be good if we could generate documentation based on this file, as an official "source of truth"
